### Summary
Today's light-codegen generates some uncompilable code due to some inappropriate naming that does not conform to the Java naming convention. To solve this problem, light-codegen may need a feature that converts naming that does not conform to the naming convention to a valid naming. 

In the previous design, we already had a way to replace spaces with underscores. Perhaps we can extend this method to make it more versatile, and convert more invalid characters than just spaces.

### Motivation


### Guide-level explanation
There are two types of naming problems that can result in uncompilable code. The first type is caused by a case mismatch. When the model name set by the user starts with lowercase, the initials of the name of the corresponding model are converted to uppercase when the corresponding model is generated, and the initials are still lowercase for the generic or variable type. So it will not match. For example

    "paymentBaseType": {
     ...
    }

The above specification would lead to the following code

    private paymentBaseType paymentBaseType;
    ...
    List<paymentBaseType>

The `paymentBaseType` cannot be found due to the corresponding class should be `PaymentBaseType`

The solution is to convert the first letter of the above situation to uppercase.

Another naming problem is that the name itself does not conform to the naming convention. Can be broken down into three types of errors. The first is that the name contains special characters that should not be included in the java variable name. The second is that the variable is named number, and the third is the variable named java keyword.

1. Variable name contains invalid special character

    i.e. `variable+name`, `variable name`, `n/a`, `123name`

    The solution is to prefix an underscore if the variable name begins with an illegal character. If the illegal character is in the middle of the variable name, replace it directly with an underscore

    The converted result should be `variable_name`, `variable_name`, `n_a`, `_123name`

2. Variable name is number

    i.e. `1`, `123`

    The solution is the same as above, prefix with underscore. But for when the variable name is used for enum, the corresponding value should be generated by the constructor to ensure that its value type is correct. After converting the result should be

        public enum FrenquencyEnum {
        	_1 (new java.math.BigDecimal("1")),
        	_2 (new java.math.BigDecimal("2"))
        }

3. Variable name is java keyword

    i.e. `new`, `public`

    Some users may not pay much attention to writing specifications. Sometimes they will use `new` as the variable name when using `existing` as the variable name just because they are opposite to each other. This obviously cannot be compiled. The solution is to convert the first letter to uppercase.

    The result should be `New`, `Public`

### Reference-level explanation


### Drawbacks


### Rationale and Alternatives


### Unresolved questions

